Fix-cs-t1059-playbook (#38148)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/2_1_6.md

#### Layouts

##### CrowdStrike Falcon Layout

> - Added Endpoint information to the "Investigation" tab under the "General Info" section.
> 
> #### Playbooks
> 
> ##### CrowdStrike Falcon - T1059 - Command and Scripting Interpreter
> 
> - Fixed a conditional task which responsible to create new incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added endpoint information to the "Investigation" tab under the "General Info" section.

#### Playbooks

##### CrowdStrike Falcon - T1059 - Command and Scripting Interpreter

Fixed a conditional task that is responsible to create a new incident.
```
